Amendment To Declaration

AMENDMENT TO DECLARATION
OF COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS
OF
ROXBURY RUN VILLAGE

I
DEFINITIONS

Section 1. "Village Association" shall mean and refer to RR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION,
INC., a not-for-profit corporation, organized and existing under the Not-For-Profit Corporation Law
of New York, and its successors and assigns.
Section 2. "Property" shall mean and refer to that certain real property described in Schedule
"A" annexed to the Declaration recorded in Liber 528 of Deeds at page 653, and such additions
thereto as may hereafter be brought within the jurisdiction of the Village Association.
Section 3. "Common Area" shall mean all real property and improvements thereon owned by
the Village Association for the common use and enjoyment of the Owners, excluding, however,
Building Sites and/or Townhouse Units acquired by the Association by purchase, foreclosure of lien,
or deed in lieu of foreclosure. Said property shall include three types of Common Area:

  Type A - All of the land, other than roadways and parking areas, in each building cluster
  outside of the building lot lines as said building lot lines were established by Roxbury Run
  Corporation, at or prior to the first conveyance of title by Roxbury Run Corporation to a Townhouse
  Unit in the cluster;
  Type B - the land in the Village Center excluding the Arts & Crafts Building, more
  particularly described in Schedule I annexed to this Amendment, as well as all grass, greenbelt and
  wild areas owned by the Association outside of the building clusters;
  Type C - the roadways and parking areas, including those portions of the roadways and
  parking areas within or contiguous to individual building clusters.

Section 4. "Building Site" shall mean and refer to those 251 plots of land shown upon any
subdivision map of the property now or hereafter recorded and/or the master plan for the Property,
upon which a Townhouse Unit shall have been or is intended to be built. No Townhouse Unit or
other structure shall hereafter be erected or constructed upon any Building Site which is unimproved
at the date of the adoption of this Amended Declaration, without the affirmative votes of at least
seventy-five (75%) percent of the Members, cast in person or by proxy at a meeting duly called for
that purpose.
Section 5. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4 of this Article, the Board of Directors
of the Village Association shall be empowered to build free-standing structures, such as storage sheds
and/or barns, on Association property for the use of the Association.
Section 6. "Townhouse Unit" shall mean and refer to any Building Site upon which a
building lawfully occupied or intended to be occupied for residential purposes, in accordance with this
Declaration, shall have been constructed.
Section 7. "Owner" shall mean and refer to the record owner, whether one or more persons
or entities, of a fee simple title to any Townhouse Unit which is a part of the Property (excluding such
persons or entities having such interest merely as security for the performance of an obligation).
Section 8. "Member" shall mean and refer to every person or entity who holds membership in
the Village Association.


II
PROPERTY RIGHTS

Section 1. Owner's Easements of Enjoyment. Every Owner shall have a right of use and
enjoyment of, in and to the Common Area and its facilities, which shall be appurtenant to and shall
pass with the title to every Townhouse Unit subject to the following provisions:

  (a) the right of the Village Association to suspend the voting rights and right to use of the
  recreational facilities or any other part of the Common Area by an Owner for any period during which
  any assessment against his Townhouse Unit remains unpaid; and for infractions of its published rules
  and regulations;
  (b) the right of the Village Association to dedicate or transfer all or any part of its interest in
  the Common Area to any public agency, authority, or utility for such purposes and subject to such
  conditions as may be agreed to by the Members. No such dedication or transfer shall be effective
  unless an instrument signed by two-thirds (2/3) of the Members agreeing to such dedication or
  transfer has been recorded;
  (c) the right of the Village Association to limit the number of occupants of each Townhouse
  Unit entitled to the use of the recreational facilities or other portions of the Common Area at any
  time; and
  (d) the right of the Village Association, in accordance with its Certificate of Incorporation
  and By-Laws, to borrow money for the purpose of improving the Common Area and facilities and in
  aid thereof to mortgage its interest in the Common Area.

Section 2. Delegation of Use. Any Owner may delegate, in accordance with the By-laws, his
right of use and enjoyment to the Common Area and facilities to the members of his family, his
tenants, or contract vendees who reside in the Townhouse Unit, subject, however, to the provisions
of Section 1 of this Article II. No tenant or contract vendee or the guests of either shall be entitled to
the use of the Common Area and facilities, or any part thereof, unless and until the Owner shall have
provided the Village Association with a memorandum stating that his, her or its Townhouse Unit is
being occupied by a tenant or contract vendee, and specifying the names and permanent residence
addresses of any such tenants or contract vendees and the period of their occupancy of the
Townhouse Unit.
Section 3. Regulation of Use. The Village Association reserves the right to regulate the use
of the recreational facilities and other portions of the Common Area through the establishment of
rules and regulations. Such rules and regulations may include, but shall not be limited to:

  (a) Limitation of the number of parking spaces per Townhouse Unit within each cluster,
  which may differ from cluster to cluster, and designation of parking spots for each Townhouse Unit,
  provided, however, that each Townhouse Unit shall be entitled to at least one parking area within or
  adjacent to the cluster in which such Townhouse Unit is located;
  (b) Limitation of the hours of use of the recreational facilities or any parts thereof;
  (c) Limitations on use and occupancy of the recreational facilities to promote the healthful,
  safe, enjoyment of said facilities by all persons entitled to the use thereof;
  (d) Imposition of fines, as provided for in the By-laws or the rules and regulations, for the
  infraction of any of its published rules and regulations, which may be assessed against the offending
  party and the Owner of the Townhouse Unit occupied by such offending party, and which shall
  constitute liens upon such Townhouse Units and be recoverable in the same manner as is provided in
  Article IV hereof for the nonpayment of assessments; and/or suspension of the use of the recreational
  facilities or other portions of the Common Area by the offending party and/or all other occupant of
  the Townhouse Unit occupied by such offending party.



III
MEMBERSHIP AND VOTING RIGHTS

Section 1. Every Owner shall be a Member of the Village Association. Membership shall be
appurtenant to and may not be separated from ownership of any Townhouse Unit. The foregoing is
not intended to include persons or entities who hold an interest merely as security for the performance
of an obligation, nor shall it include the Village Association, notwithstanding its ownership of one or
more Townhouse Units.
Section 2. Members shall be entitled to one vote for each Townhouse Unit owned, except
that when any Member owns more than one Townhouse Unit, such Member shall be entitled, in the
aggregate, to only one vote.
Section 3. When more than one person holds an interest in any Townhouse Unit, all such
persons shall be Members, but all such Members together shall constitute but a single membership.
The vote for such Townhouse Unit shall be exercised as the Owners among themselves determine, but
in no event shall more than one vote be cast with respect to any Townhouse Unit.


IV
COVENANT FOR MAINTENANCE, SPECIAL
AND PROPERTY TAX ASSESSMENT

Section 1. Creation of the Lien and Personal Obligations and Assessments. Each Owner of
any Townhouse Unit by acceptance of a deed therefor, whether or not it shall be so expressed in such
deed, is deemed to covenant and agree to pay the Village Association:

    (1) annual maintenance assessment;
    (2) property tax assessments for state and local real property taxes
    and assessments on the Common Area; and
    (3) special assessments for capital improvements and/or maintenance of a capital or reserve
    fund, such assessments to be established and collected as hereinafter provided. The
    annual maintenance assessments, property tax assessments (Common Area) and special assessments
    (if any) of each Owner, together with interest, costs and reasonable attorney's fees shall be a charge
    on the land and shall be a continuing lien upon the Townhouse Unit against which each such
    assessment is made. Each such assessment, together with interest and or late charges, costs and
    reasonable attorney's fees, shall also be the personal obligation of the person who was the Owner of
    such Townhouse Unit at the time when the assessment fell due.

Section 2. Purpose of Assessments. The assessment levied by the Village Association shall be
used exclusively to promote the recreation, health, safety and welfare of the residents in the Property,
for the improvement and maintenance of the Common Area, for the payment of real property taxes on
the Common Area and for the maintenance of Townhouse Units situated upon the Property, as
provided herein.
Section 3. Maximum Annual Maintenance Assessment.

  (a) The Village Association upon the vote of the Board of Directors and without a vote of the
  Members, may increase the annual maintenance assessment each year by not more than five (5%)
  percent of the annual maintenance assessment for the previous year or, alternatively, said assessment
  may be increased to conform with the rise, if any, of the Consumer Price Index prepared by the
  Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor, Washington, D.C., "U. S. City
  Average, All Urban Consumers, All Items (1982-84=100)", during the twelve months that ended the
  preceding August 31.
  (b) The annual maintenance assessment may be increased above that provided in the
  preceding paragraph (a) by the affirmative votes of a majority of the Members, cast in person or by
  proxy at a meeting duly called for that purpose.

Section 4. Special Assessments For Capital Improvements. In addition to the annual
maintenance assessment authorized above, the Village association may levy, in any assessment year, a
special assessment applicable to that year only for the purpose of defraying, in whole or in part, the
cost of any construction, reconstruction, repair or replacement of a capital improvement upon the
Common Area, including fixtures and personal property related thereto, provided that any such
assessment shall be authorized by the affirmative votes of a majority of the Members, cast in person
or by proxy at a meeting duly called for that purpose.
Section 5. Reserve Fund. Any regular or special assessment may include provision for the
establishment or maintenance of a reserve fund. Such reserve fund, or portions thereof:

  (a) may be used in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors for the maintenance and repair
  of the existing structures or common area improvements; and
  (b) may be used for such other purposes as may be authorized by the affirmative votes of a
  majority of the Members, cast in person or by proxy at a meeting duly called for that purpose.

Section 6. Notice and Quorum For Any Action Authorized Under Sections 3 or 4 or 5.
Written notice of any meeting called for the purpose of taking any action authorized under Section
3(b) or 4 or 5(b) shall be sent to all Members not less than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty (60)
days in advance of the meeting. At the first such meeting called, the presence in person or by proxy
of a majority of the Members shall constitute a quorum. If the required quorum is not present,
another meeting may be called subject to the same notice requirement. No such subsequent meeting
shall be held more than sixty (60) days following the preceding meeting.
Section 7. Rate of Annual Maintenance and Special Assessments. Annual maintenance and
special assessments shall be fixed at a uniform rate for all Townhouse units.
Section 8. Property Tax Assessments. State and local real property taxes and/or other taxes
and/or fees assessed on the Common Area will be paid through the Village Association by all the
Owners. Each Townhouse Unit will be assessed by the Village Association for an equal pro-rata
share of the real property taxes and/or other taxes and/or fees on the Common Area, which shall be
paid annually or as otherwise provided by the Board of Directors.
Section 9. Annual Maintenance Assessment: Due Dates.

  (a) The Board of Directors shall fix the amount of the annual maintenance assessment for
  each Townhouse Unit at least thirty (30) days in advance of each annual assessment period. Written
  notice of the annual maintenance assessment shall be sent to every Owner subject thereto. The due
  dates shall be established by the Board of Directors, and, unless otherwise provided, the Village
  Association shall collect each month from the Owner of each Townhouse Unit one-twelfth (1/12th) of
  the annual maintenance assessment for such Townhouse Unit.
  (b) The Village Association shall, upon demand of a Townhouse Unit Owner or a contract
  purchaser of a Townhouse Unit, and for a reasonable charge, furnish a statement signed by an officer
  of the Village Association setting forth whether the assessments on a specified Townhouse Unit have
  been paid. Such statement shall be conclusive evidence of payment of any assessment therein stated
  to have been paid.

Section 10. Effect of Nonpayment of Assessments: Remedies of the Village Association.
Any assessments which are not paid when due shall be delinquent. If the assessment is not paid
within thirty (30) days after the due date, the assessment shall bear interest from the date of
delinquency at the then maximum legal rate per annum, or a late charge in such amount as shall have
last been fixed and published by the Board of Directors prior to such delinquency and the Village
Association may bring an action at law against the Owner personally obligated to pay the same, or
foreclose the lien against the Townhouse Unit, and interest, costs, and reasonable attorney's fees of
any such action shall be added to the amount of such assessment. Each Owner, by his acceptance of a
deed to a Townhouse Unit, hereby expressly vests in the Village Association, or its agents, the right
and power to bring all actions against such Owner personally for the collection of such charges as a
debt and to enforce the aforesaid lien by all methods available for the enforcement of such liens,
including foreclosures by an action brought in the name of the Village Association in a like manner as
a mortgage lien on a real property and such Owner hereby expressly grants to the Village Association
a power of sale in connection with said lien. The lien provided for in this section shall be in favor of
the Village Association and shall be for the benefit of all other Townhouse Unit Owners. The Village
Association, acting on behalf of the Townhouse Unit Owners shall have the power to bid in an
interest foreclosed at foreclosure sale and to acquire and hold, lease, mortgage and convey the same.
Each Owner hereby assigns to the Association the rents and profits of such Owner's Townhouse Unit
and grants to the Association the right to enter upon and to take possession of such Townhouse Unit
for the purpose of collecting the same, to let the Townhouse Unit and to apply the rents therefrom,
after payment of all necessary charges and expenses, on account of the assessment in arrears. This
assignment and grant shall continue in effect until all assessment arrears are paid. In any action to
foreclose the lien of the Association, the Association shall be entitled to the appointment of a receiver.
No Owner may waive or otherwise escape liability for the assessments provided for herein by non-
use of the Common Area or abandonment of his Townhouse Unit.
Section 11. Subordination of The Lien to Mortgages. The lien of the assessments provided
for herein shall be subordinate to the lien of any first mortgage on the Townhouse Unit. Sale or
transfer of any Townhouse Unit shall not affect the assessment lien. The sale or transfer of any
Townhouse Unit pursuant to foreclosure of a first mortgage or any proceeding in lieu thereof, shall
extinguish the lien of such assessments as to payments which become due prior to such sale or
transfer. No sale or transfer shall relieve such Townhouse Unit from liability for any assessments
thereafter becoming due or from the lien thereof.
Section 12. Exempt Property. All properties dedicated to and accepted by, a local public
authority, and the Common Area, shall be exempt from the assessments created herein. However, no
land or improvements devoted to dwelling use shall be exempt from said assessments.
Section 13. Management Agreements. Each Owner of a Townhouse Unit hereby agrees to
be bound by the terms and conditions of all management agreements entered into by the Village
Association. A copy of all such agreements shall be available to each Owner.
Section 14. Insurance. The Board of Directors of the Village Association shall be
empowered to secure such fire and extended coverage insurance and public liability insurance
covering the Common Area and such other insurance coverage as the Board of Directors in their
discretion may determine. The cost of such insurance coverage shall be an expense of the Village
Association.
Section 15. Registration Fee. Beginning sixty days after the recording of this Declaration, all
new Members shall be required to pay a $250 registration fee to the Village Association within 30
days of becoming a Member. Such registration fee shall be billable and collectible in the same manner
as maintenance assessments.


V
ARCHITECTURAL CONTROL

(a) No building, fence, wall or other structure shall be commenced, erected or maintained
upon the property, nor shall any exterior addition to or change or alteration therein be made until the
plans and specifications showing nature, kind, shape, height, materials, and location of the same shall
have been submitted to and approved in writing as to harmony of external design and location in
relation to surrounding structures and topography by the Board of Directors of the Village
Association, or by an Architectural Control Committee composed of three (3) or more representatives
appointed by the Board. In the event said Board, or its designated committee, fails to approve or
disapprove such design and location within seventy-five (75) days after said plans and specifications
have been submitted to it, approval will not be required and this Article will be deemed to have been
fully complied with.
(b) Approval of any proposed exterior addition or improvement may be conditioned upon the
Owner's assumption of the sole responsibility for the repair and maintenance thereof, in which event,
the Village Association shall have no obligation or responsibility for the repair and/or maintenance of
such addition or improvement under Article VI hereof.
(c) In the event of any violation of this Article, the Village Association may initiate such
actions or proceedings to enjoin such violation and/or to recover any damages resulting therefrom, as
the Board of Directors may deem appropriate. In such event, the Village Association shall be
entitled to recover from the offending Owner its reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements incurred
in the prosecution of any such action or proceeding, which shall constitute a lien upon such
Townhouse Unit, and, in the event of the non-payment thereof, shall be recoverable in the same
manner provided in Article IV for non-payment of assessments.
(d) In the event that any action or proceeding shall be commenced by any Owner against the
Village Association, the Board of Directors and/or the Architectural Committee to compel the
approval of any proposed construction, alteration or improvement, and such Owner is the
unsuccessful party in such action or proceeding, the Village Association shall be entitled to recover
from such Owner its reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements incurred in the defense of such
action or proceeding, which shall constitute a lien upon such Townhouse Unit, and, in the event of the
non-payment thereof, shall be recoverable in the same manner provided in Article IV for non-payment
of assessments.


VI
EXTERIOR MAINTENANCE

Section 1. Maintenance of Individual Townhouse Units. In addition to maintenance of the
Common Area, the Village Association shall provide exterior maintenance upon each Townhouse
Unit which is subject to assessment hereunder, as follows: repair, replace and care for roofs, exterior
building surfaces, trees, shrubs, grass, walks, and other exterior improvements which shall have been
duly approved by the Board of Directors or Architectural Committee (unless such approval shall have
been conditioned upon the Owner's assumption of responsibility for the maintenance and repair of
such improvements). Such exterior maintenance shall not include any maintenance services other than
those specified in the prior sentence, and shall exclude, glass surfaces, screens and screen doors,
exterior doors, window fixtures and other hardware, foundations or parts thereof, any underground
improvements or utility lines or any portions of the structure within the envelope bounded by the
interior surface of the exterior siding, or any utility lines outside of the structure.
In the event that the need for maintenance or repair is caused through the willful or negligent
act (including, but not limited to the attachment of unauthorized structures or appliances to the
exterior surfaces of the unit, or the imposition of an excessive weight load on any horizontal surface
either by number of occupants permitted thereon or the weight of objects placed thereon) of the
Owner, his family, guests, invitees, tenants or contract vendees, and not covered or paid for by
insurance on such Townhouse Unit, the cost of such maintenance or repairs shall be added to and
become a part of the assessment to which such Townhouse Unit Owner is subject.
Section 2. Additional Maintenance by Village Association. In the event an Owner of any
Townhouse Unit shall fail to maintain the premises and the improvements situated thereon in a
manner satisfactory to the Board of Directors, the Village Association, after approval of two-thirds
(2/3) vote of the entire Board of Directors, shall have the right, through its agents and employees, to
enter upon said property and to repair, maintain, and restore the Townhouse Unit. The cost of such
maintenance shall be added to and become part of the assessment to which such Townhouse Unit is
subject.


VII
USE RESTRICTIONS

Section 1. Property is hereby restricted to residential structures and ancillary and accessory
uses and buildings in connection therewith, including but not limited to community buildings and
recreational facilities, maintenance buildings and the facilities for the water, sewage and refuse
collection systems and a cable television antenna system. All buildings or structures erected upon the
property shall be of new construction and no building or structure shall be moved from other
locations to the property. No building or structure of a temporary character, mobile home, trailer,
unregistered vehicle, tent, shack, garage, barn or other outbuilding shall be used on any portion of
said Property at any time as a residence, either temporarily or permanently, or shall be left or
maintained thereon.
Section 2. Each Townhouse Unit shall be conveyed as a separately designated and legally
described freehold estate subject to the terms, conditions and provisions hereof.
Section 3. Subject to such additional restrictions as may be imposed by the Village
Association, no animals, livestock or poultry of any kind shall be raised, bred or kept in any of said
Townhouse Units, except that dogs, cats or other household pets may be kept provided that they are
not kept, bred or maintained for any commercial purpose and are not permitted outside the confines
of the Owner's Townhouse Unit unless leashed or otherwise restrained. No animals shall be permitted
within the boundaries of the Village Center at any time, whether or not restrained.
Section 4. No advertising signs, billboards, unsightly objects, or nuisances shall be erected,
placed or permitted to remain on the Property, nor shall the Property be used in any way or for any
purpose which may endanger the health or unreasonably disturb the Owner of any Townhouse Unit or
any resident thereof. No business or commercial activities of any kind whatever (other than a home
office not requiring third-party visitors) shall be conducted in any Townhouse Unit or in any portion
of the Property unless authorized by the affirmative vote of two-thirds (2/3) of the Members, cast in
person or by proxy at a meeting duly called for that purpose.
Section 5. The Board of Directors may establish rules and regulations for the maintenance
and storage of equipment, garbage cans, service yards, woodpiles, or storage piles and may require
the screening thereof by adequate planting so as to conceal them from view of neighboring
Townhouses, paths and roadways. All rubbish, trash or garbage shall be regularly removed from the
premises, and shall not be allowed to accumulate thereon. No clotheslines or other devices for
hanging or drying of clothes shall be maintained in any place on the Property except in the interior of
a Townhouse Unit.
Section 6. No fences, hedges or walls shall be erected or maintained upon said Property
except such as are installed in accordance with the initial construction of the Townhouse Units
located thereon or in accordance with Article V hereof. Except for the right of ingress and egress,
the Owners of Townhouse Units are hereby prohibited and restricted from using any of said Property
outside the exterior building lines, except roadways and parking areas and except with respect to the
Common Area (and nature trails, managed forest area, gardens and lawns other than such areas as are
owned by Townhouse Unit Owners) as may be allowed in accordance with rules and regulations
adopted by the Board of Directors of the Village Association. It is expressly acknowledged and
agreed that this provision is for the mutual benefit of all Owners of Townhouse Units, and is
necessary for the protection of said Owners.
Section 7. All fixtures and equipment installed within a Townhouse Unit, commencing at
point where the utility lines, pipes, wires, conduits or systems enter the exterior walls of a Townhouse
Unit, shall be maintained and kept in repair by the Owner thereof. An Owner shall do no act nor any
work that will impair the structural soundness or integrity of another Townhouse Unit or impair any
easement or hereditament, nor do any act nor allow any condition to exist which will adversely affect
the other Townhouse Units or their Owners.
Section 8. No exterior television or radio antennas of any sort shall be placed, allowed or
maintained upon any portion of the improvements to be located upon the Property, nor upon any
structure situated upon the property. Nothing herein provided shall be deemed to bar or prohibit the
installation, by the Village Association, of a satellite or other master antenna system for the use of the
Members, if authorized by the affirmative votes of a majority of the Members cast in person or by
proxy at a meeting duly called for such purpose.
Section 9. No action shall at any time be taken by the Village Association or its Board of
Directors which in any manner would discriminate against any Owner or Owners in favor of the other
Owners.
Section 10. No snowmobiles, motorcycles, motor scooters, trail bikes or any similar vehicle
shall be permitted or used on the Property.


VIII
PARTY FOUNDATION EASEMENTS

Section 1. General Rules of Law to Apply. All Foundations which are built as a part of the
original construction of the homes upon the Property and placed under the dividing line between the
Townhouse Units or which serve as the foundation for two or more Townhouse Units shall constitute
a party foundation, and, to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article, the general
rules of law regarding party walls and liability for property damage due to negligence of willful acts or
omissions shall apply thereto.
Section 2. Sharing of Repair and Maintenance. The cost of reasonable repair and
maintenance of a party foundation shall be shared by the Owners who make use of the foundation in
proportion to such use.
Section 3. Destruction by Fire or Other Casualty. If a party foundation is destroyed or
damaged by fire or other casualty then, to the extent that such damage is not covered by insurance
and repaired out of the proceeds of same, any Owner who has used the foundation may restore it, and
if the other Owners thereafter make use of the foundation, they shall contribute to the cost of
restoration thereof in proportion to their use, without prejudice, however, to the right of any such
Owners to call for a larger contribution from the others under any rules of law regarding liability for
negligent or willful acts or omissions.
Section 4. Weatherproofing. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article, to the
extent that such damage is not covered and paid by the insurance provided for herein, an Owner who
by his negligent or willful act causes the foundation to be exposed to the elements, shall bear the
whole cost of furnishing the necessary protection against such elements.
Section 5. Right to Contribution Runs With Land. The right of any Owner to contribution
from any other Owner under this Article shall be appurtenant to the land and shall pass to such
Owner's successors in title.
Section 6. Arbitration. In the event of any dispute arising concerning a party foundation, or
under the provisions of this Article, each party shall choose one arbitrator, and such arbitrators shall
choose one additional arbitrator, and the decision shall be by a majority of all the arbitrators. Should
any party refuse to appoint an arbitrator within ten days after written request therefor, the Board of
Directors of the Village Association shall select an arbitrator for the refusing party.


IX
EASEMENTS

Section 1. Each Townhouse Unit and the Common Area shall be subject to an easement for
encroachments created by construction, settling and overhangs, as designed or constructed by the
Declarant. A valid easement for said encroachments and for the maintenance of same, so long as the
structure stands, shall and does exist. In the event a multi-family structure containing two or more
Townhouse Units is partially or totally destroyed, and then rebuilt, the Owners of the Townhouse
Units so affected agree that minor encroachments of parts of the adjacent Townhouse Units or
Common Areas due to construction shall be permitted and that a valid easement for said
encroachment and the maintenance thereof shall exist.
Section 2. There is hereby created a blanket easement upon, across, over and under all of said
Property for ingress, egress, installation, replacing, repairing and maintaining all utilities, including but
not limited to water, sewers, gas, telephones and electricity, and a master television antenna system.
By virtue of this easement, it shall be expressly permissible for the utility company to install and
maintain underground conduits and/or erect on said Property and to affix and maintain electrical
and/or telephone wires, circuits and conduits on, above, across and under the roofs and exterior walls
of said Townhouses. An easement is further granted to all police, fire protection, ambulance and all
similar persons to enter upon the roadways and Common Area in the performance of their duties.
Further, an easement is hereby granted to the Village Association, its officers, agents, employees and
to any management company selected by the Village Association to enter in or to cross over the
Common Area and to enter any Townhouse Unit to inspect and to maintain and repair a Townhouse
Unit or the Common Area provided for herein, to prevent damage to any other Townhouse Unit or
the Common Area. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph, no
additional sewers, electrical lines, water lines, or other utilities may be installed on said Property
except as approved by the Village Association's Board of Directors. The easements provided for in
this Article IX shall in no way affect any other recorded easement on said premises.


X
VILLAGE ASSOCIATION EASEMENT

Section 1. Grant of Easement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the easements granted
in Article IX, the Village Association shall have an easement upon, across and over all roadways and
parking areas located on the Property.
Section 2. Rules and Regulations. The Village Association may impose such rules and
regulations regarding use of roadways and use and allocation of parking areas by and among the
Members of the Village Association, their families, guests, tenants, invitees and business visitors as
the Board of Directors of the Village Association may from time to time adopt.
Section 3. Maintenance of Roadways and Parking Areas. The Village Association shall
maintain and keep all roadways and parking areas located on the Property in good repair at its cost
and expense.


XI
GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. Enforcement. The Village Association, or any Owner, shall have the right to
enforce, by any proceeding at law or in equity, all restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations,
liens and charges now or hereafter imposed by the provisions of the Declaration. Failure by the
Village Association or by any Owner to enforce any covenant or restriction herein contained shall in
no event be deemed a waiver of the right to do so thereafter.
Section 2. Severability. Invalidation of any one of these covenants or restrictions by
judgment or court order shall in no wise affect any other provisions which shall remain in full force
and effect.
Section 3. Amendment. The covenants and restrictions of this Declaration shall run with and
bind the land, for a term of twenty (20) years from August 10, 1972, after which time they shall be
automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10) years. This Declaration may be amended by
an instrument signed by not less then seventy-five (75%) percent of the Owners. Any amendment
must be recorded.
Section 4. Annexation of Additional Property. Annexation of additional property shall
require the assent of two-thirds (2/3) of the Members, at a meeting duly called for this purpose,
written notice of which shall be sent to all Members not less than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty
(60) days in advance of the meeting setting forth the purpose of the meeting. The presence of
Members or proxies entitled to cast sixty (60%) percent of the votes shall constitute a quorum. If the
required quorum is not forthcoming at any meeting, another meeting may be called, subject to the
notice requirement set forth above, and the required quorum at such subsequent meeting shall be one-
half (1/2) of the required quorum of the preceding meeting. No such subsequent meeting shall be
held more than sixty (60) days following the preceding meeting. In the event that two-thirds (2/3) of
the Membership are not present in person or by proxy, Members not present may give their written
consent to the action taken thereat.
Section 5. Gender and Grammar. The singular wherever used herein shall be construed to
mean the plural when applicable and the necessary grammatical changes required to make the
provisions hereof apply either to corporations or individuals, men or women, shall in all cases be
assumed as though in each case fully expressed.


SCHEDULE I
VILLAGE CENTER

PARCEL 1

ALL that tract or parcel of land situate in the Town of Roxbury, Delaware County, State of
New York, being in Lot 37, First Division of Great Lot 19 of Hardenburgh Patent, and described as
follows:
Beginning at a stone wall corner, said corner being North 59 degrees 50 minutes 15 seconds
East, 1354.95 feet from a T-iron tagged "LS 36695" at the common corner of Lot 27, 32, 36 and 37
of said First Division of Great Lot 19; running then the following courses and distances:

  1) South 48 degrees 48 minutes 05 seconds West, 153.66 feet
  2) North 08 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West, 173.84 feet
  3) Along a curve to the right, having a delta of 196 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds,
  radius of 225.00 feet, length of 769.70 feet
  4) South 08 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West, 355.76 feet
  5) Along a curve to the right, having a delta of 03 degrees 10 minutes 44 seconds, radius
  of 175.00 feet, length of 9.71 feet
  6) North 41 degrees 11 minutes 58 seconds West, 386.66 feet to the point of beginning.


PARCEL 2

AND also all that tract or parcel of land situate in the Town of Roxbury, Delaware County,
State of New York, being in Lot 37 of the First Division of Great Lot 19 of Hardenburgh Patent, and
described as follows:
Beginning at a stone wall corner, said corner being North 59 degrees 50 minutes 15 seconds
East, 1354.95 feet from a T-iron tagged "LS 36695" at the common corner of Lot 27, 32, 36 and 37
of said First Division of Great Lot 19; running then the following course and distances:

  1) South 41 degrees 11 minutes 53 seconds East, 386.66 feet
  2) Along a curve to the right, having a delta of 160 degrees 49 minutes 16 seconds,
  radius of 175.00 feet, length of 491.20 feet
  3) North 08 degrees 00 minutes 00 seconds West, 181.92 feet
  4) North 48 degrees 48 minutes 05 seconds East, 153.66 feet to the point of beginning.
  SAID two parcels of land, taken together, containing 6.26 acres of land.
  All bearings refer to True North.
