By-Laws of the RR Village Association, Inc.

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is <strong>RR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION, INC. </strong> The principal
office of the corporation shall be located at Roxbury Run Village, Denver, New York.

ARTICLE II

Section 1. Village Association shall mean and refer to RR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION,
INC., its successors and assigns.
Section 2. Property shall mean and refer to that certain real property described in the
Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions, and such additions thereto as may
hereafter be brought within the jurisdiction of the Village Association.
Section 3. Common Area shall mean all real property owned by the Village Association
for the common use and enjoyment of the Owners, together with the roadways and parking areas
with respect to which an easement is granted to the Village Association under the Declaration of
Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions.
Section 4. Townhouse Unit shall mean and refer to any plot of land shown upon and
recorded subdivision map of the Property upon which a Townhouse Unit shall have been or is
intended to be built.
Section 5. Owner shall mean and refer to the record owner, whether one or more persons or
entities, of the fee simple title to any Townhouse Unit which is part of the Property, including
contract vendees (excluding those having such interest merely as security for the performance of
an obligation) and their heirs, executors, devisees, successors and assigns.
Section 6. Declaration shall mean and refer to the Declaration of Covenants, Conditions
and Restrictions applicable to the Property recorded in the Office of County Clerk, County of
Delaware, State of New York.
Section 7. Member shall mean and refer to those persons entitled to membership as
provided in the Declaration.

ARTICLE III
MEETING OF MEMBERS

Section 1. Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of the members shall be held on the
Saturday of the Columbus Day weekend of each year, at the hour of ten o'clock, A.M. If the day
of the Annual Meeting is postponed, the meeting will be held at the next practical date.
Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Members may be called at any time by
the President, or by the Board of Directors, or upon written request of the Members who are
entitled to vote one-fourth (1/4) of all of the votes of the Members.
Section 3. Notice of Meetings. Written notice of each meeting of the Members shall be
given by, or at the direction of, the Secretary or person authorized to call the meeting, by mailing
a copy of such notice, postage prepaid, at least 15 days before such meeting to each Member
entitled to vote thereat, addressed to the Members address last appearing on the books of the
Village Association or supplied by such Member, to the Village Association, for the purpose of
notice. Such notice shall specify the place, day and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a
special meeting, the purpose of the meeting.
Section 4. Quorum. The presence at the meeting of Members entitled to cast, or of proxies
entitled to cast, one-tenth (1/10) of the votes of the Members shall constitute a quorum for any
action except otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, the Declaration, or these
By-Laws. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting, the
Members entitled to vote thereat shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time,
without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum as aforesaid shall be
present or be represented.
Section 5. Proxies. At all meetings of Members, each Member may vote in person or by
proxy. All proxies shall be in writing and filed with the Secretary. Every proxy shall be
revocable and shall automatically cease upon conveyance by the Member of his Townhouse
Unit.

ARTICLE IV
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. Number. The affairs of the Village Association shall be managed by a Board of
seven (7) Directors. No Director shall be required to be a Member of the Village Association.

Section 2. Term of Office. The term of office of each Director presently serving as such,
whose term of office shall not expire currently with the 1987 Annual Meeting of the Members of
the Association, shall be one (1) year. The terms of office of the Directors elected at the 1987
Annual Meeting of the Members of the Association and at any subsequent Annual Meeting of
the Association shall be two (2) years.
Section 3. Removal. Any Director may be removed from the Board, with or without cause,
by a majority vote of the Members of the Village Association. In the event of death, resignation
or removal of a Director, his successor shall be selected by the remaining members of the Board
and shall serve for the un-expired term of his predecessor.
Section 4. Compensation. No director shall receive compensation for any service he may
render to the Village Association. However, any Director may be reimbursed for his actual
expenses incurred in the performance of his duties.
Section 5. Action Taken Without a Meeting. The Directors shall have the right to take any
action in the absence of a meeting, which they could take at a meeting by obtaining the written
approval of all of the Directors. Any action so approved shall have the same effect as though
taken at a meeting of the Directors.

ARTICLE V

NOMINATION AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. Nomination. Nomination for election to the Board of Directors shall be made by
a Nominating Committee. Nominations may also be made from the floor at the annual meeting.
The Nominating Committee shall consist of three (3) members. The Nominating Committee
shall consist of a Chairman, who shall be a member of the Board of Directors, and two or more
Members of the Village Association. The Nominating Committee shall be appointed by the
Board of Directors prior to each annual meeting of the Members, to serve from the close of such
annual meeting until the close of the next annual meeting and such appointment shall be
announced at each annual meeting. The Nominating Committee shall make as many
nominations for election to the Board of Directors as it shall in its discretion determine, but not
less than the number of vacancies that are to be filled. Such nominations may be made from
among Members or non-Members.

Section 2. Election. At such election the Members or their proxies may cast, in respect to
each vacancy, as many votes as they are entitled to exercise under the provisions of the
Declaration. The persons receiving the largest number of votes shall be elected. Cumulative
voting is not permitted.

ARTICLE VI
MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held
monthly without notice, at such place and hour as may be fixed from time to time by resolution
of the Board. Should said meeting fall upon a legal holiday, then that meeting shall be held at
the same time on the next day which is not a legal holiday.
Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held when
called by the President of the Village Association, or by any two Directors, after not less than
three (3) days notice to each Director.
Section 3. Quorum. A majority of the number of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the Directors
present at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the
Board.

ARTICLE VII

POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Section 1. Powers. The Board of Directors shall have the power to:

  (a) Adopt and publish rules and regulations governing the use of Common
  Area and facilities, and the personal conduct of the members and their
  guests thereon, and to establish penalties for the infraction thereof;
  (b) Suspend the voting rights of a Member and the right to use of the
  recreational facilities by a Member, his or her tenants or guests, during any
  period in which such Member shall be in default or arrears in the payment
  of any assessment levied by the Village Association;
  (c) Suspend the rights of a Member, his or her tenants or guests to use of the
  recreational facilities for infraction of the Declaration, these By-laws or
  any published Rules or Regulations by such Member or his or her tenants
  or guests. Such suspension, for a period not exceeding ten (10) days, may
  be imposed by any Director and such suspension may be continued, for a
  further period not exceeding ninety (90) days, by a majority of a quorum
  of the Board of Directors held after notice to such Member;
  (d) Levy a fine against a Member for the use of the recreational facilities by
  such Member, his or her tenants or guests during any period of suspension
  under Paragraph "(b)" or "(c)" hereof, in an amount up to $50.00 for each
  violation (each individual person's use of said facilities and each day being
  deemed separate violations for the purposes hereof), which shall be
  payable by the Member, and shall be collectible in the same manner as the
  annual maintenance assessment against his or her Townhouse Unit;
  (e) Exercise or the Village Association all powers, duties and authority vested
  in or delegated to the Village Association and not reserved to the
  membership by other provisions of these By-Laws, the Articles of
  Incorporation, or the Declaration;
  (f) Declare the office of a member of the Board of Directors to be vacant in
  the event such member shall be absent from three (3)) consecutive regular
  meetings of the Board of Directors. Employ a manager, and independent
  contractor, or such other employees as they deem necessary, and to
  prescribe their duties; and
  (g) $250.00 penalty for any infraction of the Association's architectural codes.
  This in no way compromises the Association's right to seek redress under
  its existing mechanisms.



Section 2. Duties. It shall be the duty of the Board of Directors to:

  (a) cause to be kept a complete record of all its acts and corporate affairs and
  to present a statement thereof to the Members at the annual meeting of the
  Members, or at any special meeting when such a statement is requested in
  writing by one-fourth (1/4) of the Members who are entitled to vote;
  (b) supervise all officers, agents and employees of the Village Association
  and to see that their duties are properly performed;
  (c) as more fully provided in the Declaration, to:

    (1) fix the amount of the annual maintenance and property tax
    assessment against each Townhouse Unit at least thirty (30) days
    in advance if each annual assessment period;
    (2) send written notice of each assessment to every Owner subject
    thereto at least thirty (30) days in advance of each annual
    assessment period; and
    (3) foreclose the lien against any property for which assessments are
    not paid within thirty (30) days after due date or to bring an action
    at law against the Owner personally obligated to pay the same;


  (d) issue, or to cause an appropriate officer to issue, upon demand by any
  person, a statement setting forth whether or not any assessment has been
  paid. A reasonable charge may be made by the Board for the issuance of
  these statements. If a statement sets forth than an assessment has been
  paid, such a statement shall be conclusive evidence of each payment.
  (e) procure and maintain adequate liability and hazard insurance on property
  owned by the Village Association;
  (f) cause all officers or employees having fiscal responsibilities to be bonded,
  as it may be deemed appropriate;
  (g) cause the Common Area to be maintained; and
  (h) cause the exterior of the dwellings to be maintained as outlined in Article
  VI of the Declaration.



ARTICLE VIII
OFFICERS AND THEIR DUTIES

Section 1. Enumeration of Officers. The officers of this Association shall be a President and
Vice-President, who shall at all times be members of the Board of Directors, a Secretary, and a
Treasurer, and such other officers as the Board may from time to time by resolution create.
Section 2. Election of Officers. The election of officers shall take place at the first meeting
of the Board of Directors following each annual meeting of the Members.
Section 3. Term. The officers of the Village Association shall be elected annually by the
Board and each shall hold office for one (1) year unless he shall sooner resign, or shall be
removed, or otherwise disqualified to serve.
Section 4. Special Appointments. The board may elect such other officers as the affairs of
the Village Association may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such
authority, and perform such duties as the Board may, from time to time, determine.
Section 5. Resignation and Removal. Any officer may be removed from office with or
without cause by the Board. Any officer may resign at any time giving written notice to the
Board, the President or the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect on the date of receipt of
such notice or at any later time specified therein, and unless otherwise specified therein, the
acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Section 6. Vacancies. A vacancy in any office may be filled by appointment by the Board.
The officer appointed to such vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of the officer he
replaces.
Section 7. Multiple Offices. The offices of Vice-President and of Secretary or Treasurer
may be held by the same person. No person shall simultaneously hold more than one of any of
the other offices except in the case of special offices created pursuant to Section 4 of this Article.
Section 8. Duties. The duties of the officers are as follows:

President

The President shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors; shall see that
orders and resolutions of he Board are carried out; shall sign all leases, mortgages, deeds
and other written instruments and shall co-sign all checks and promissory notes

Vice President

The Vice-President shall act in the place and stead of the President in the event of his
absence, inability or refusal to act, and shall exercise and discharge such other duties as may be
required of him by the board.

Secretary

The Secretary shall record the votes and keep the minutes of all meetings and proceeding
of the Board and of the Members; keep the corporate seal of the Village Association and affix it
on all papers requiring said seal; serve notice of meetings of the Board and of the Members; keep
appropriate current records showing the members of the Village Association together with their
addresses, and shall perform such other duties as required by the Board.

Treasurer

The Treasurer shall receive and deposit in appropriate bank accounts all monies of the
Village Association and shall disburse such funds as directed by resolution of the Board of
Directors; shall sign all checks and promissory notes of the Village Association; keep proper
books of account; cause an annual audit of the Village Association books to be made by a
certified public accountant at the completion of each fiscal year; and shall prepare an annual
budget and a statement of income and expenditures to be presented to the membership at its
regular meeting, and deliver a copy of each to the Members.

ARTICLE IX
COMMITTEES

The Village Association shall appoint an Architectural Control Committee, as provided in
the Declaration, and a Nominating Committee, as provided in the Declaration, and a Nominating
Committee, as provided in these By-Laws. In addition, the Board of Directors shall appoint
other committees as deemed appropriate in carrying out its purpose.

ARTICLE X
BOOKS AND RECORDS

The books, records and papers of the Village Association shall at all times, during
reasonable business hours, be subject to inspection by any Member. The Declaration, the
Articles of Incorporation and the By-Laws of the Village Association shall be available for
inspection by any Member at the principal office of the Village Association, where copies may
be purchased at reasonable cost.

ARTICLE XI
ASSESSMENTS

As more fully provided in the Declaration, each Member is obligated to pay to the
Association annual and special assessments which are secured by a continuing lien upon the
property against which the assessment is made. Any assessments which are not paid when due
shall be delinquent, if the assessment is not paid within thirty (30) days after the due date, the
assessment shall bear interest from the date of delinquency at the maximum legal rate of interest,
as the same may vary during the continuance of such delinquency, and the Village Association
may bring an action at law against the Owner personally obligated to pay the same or foreclose
the lien against the Townhouse Unit, and interest, costs, and reasonable attorneys fees of any
such action shall be added to the amount of such assessment. No Owner may waive or otherwise
escape liability for the assessments provided for herein by non-use of the Common Area or
abandonment of his Townhouse Unit.

ARTICE XII
CORPORATE SEAL

The Association shall have a seal in circular form having within its circumference the
words: RR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION, INC. NEW YORK, 1972.

ARTICLE XIII
AMENDMENTS

Section 1. These By-Laws may be amended, at a regular or special meeting of the Members, by a
vote of a majority of a quorum of the Members present in person or by proxy.
Section 2. In the case of any conflict between the Articles of Incorporation and these by-laws, the
articles shall control, and in the case of any conflict between the Declaration and these By-Laws, the
Declaration shall control.

ARTICLE XIV
MISCELLANEOUS

The fiscal year of the Association shall begin on the first day of January and end on the
31st day of December every year.

ARTICLE XV
RULES AND REGULATIONS

Section 1. All unleashed and/or unrestrained pets are barred from Association property. One
complaint, in writing, to the Association stating the date, time, and place of any violation of this
regulation, along with a brief description of said animal if possible, will bring a written notice of
violation to the cited Homeowner. Any further violation reported, in writing, will incur a fine of
$ 50.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible in the same manner as maintenance. It is the
obligation of the Homeowner to inform tenants, guests, or other occupants of his or her
Townhouse Unit of this regulation, as the fine is assessable against the Owner of the Townhouse
Unit where said pet is lodged.
Section 2. Motorcycles, motor bikes, motor scooters, "mo-peds", trail bikes, dirt bikes,
all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles or any other similar vehicles are barred from Association property;
their presence and use being explicitly forbidden in the Declaration of Covenants, Conditions,
and Restrictions, Article VII, Section 11. One complaint, in writing, to the Association stating
the date, time, and place of any violation of this regulation, along with a brief description of said
vehicle if possible, will incur a fine of $100.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible in the
same manner as maintenance. It is the obligation of the Homeowner to inform tenants, guests, or
other occupants of his or her Townhouse Unit of this regulation, as the fine is assessable against
the Owner of the Townhouse Unit where said vehicle is kept.
Section 3. During any period in which any Member of the Association in default or arrears
in the payment of any assessment levied by the Village Association, said Member is hereby
prohibited from delegating his/her right to the use of the Association's facilities, including the
Association's roadways and parking areas, to third parties, including family members, tenants,
and/or contract vendees. Any vehicle belonging to said persons found upon the Association's
common property under this circumstance will be in violation of this By-law and will incur a
penalty in the amount of $50.00 per day per vehicle. This By-law will be enforced by the
placement of tire-locking "Boots" upon said vehicles, which shall not be removed until said
penalties have been paid by Certified Check, Postal Money Order, or Cash.

ARTICLE XVI

The obligation of the Village Association for exterior maintenance of individual
Townhouse units, as provided in Article VI of the Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and
Restrictions, shall be interpreted as limited to repair and replacement necessitated by normal
wear, tear and deterioration over time, and shall not include repair or replacement in case of
sudden damage caused by storm, snow, fire, flood, ice, riot or similar events.

ARTICLE XVII

The prohibition, in Article VII, section 1, of the Declaration of Covenants, against leaving
on any part of the property a structure of temporary character, trailer, unregistered vehicle, tent,
shack, garage, barn or other outbuilding, shall be interpreted to include within the prohibition,
but not limited to, utility trailers, boat trailers, house trailers, including self-propelled motor
homes, whether or not registered, and henceforth no such vehicle shall be left or maintained on
roadways, parking areas or any other portion of the property.

ARTICLE XVIII
Satellite Dish

(a) In conformity with the decision of the FCC in CSR 5185-0 (June 16, 1998), one satellite
dish antenna may be installed on the chimney surface of any townhouse unit, provided

  (1) the antenna is not more than one meter in diameter, and is one of the following three
  colors: white, pale beige or pale gray;
  (2) prior to installation the owner files in the Association office

    (A) a certificate of liability insurance, naming RR Village Inc., as an additional insured,
    in the amount of not less than three million dollars ($3,000,000);
    (B) a written guarantee that the owner shall maintain the said insurance in effect while
    the antenna is installed, and will indemnify the RR Village Association, Inc., its officers,
    directors and employees, and hold them harmless, as to any and all liability for personal injury,
    property damage, or other damages, which may be caused or allegedly caused in whole or in part
    by the antenna; and
    (C) a written guarantee that whenever requested by the Association the owner will
    remove the antenna to permit maintenance of the surface by the Association within not more
    than seven days after receipt of written request to do so.


  (b) Any antenna which is installed or retained in the place without full and continuing
  compliance with the above provisions will be removed by Association personnel, and the cost of
  such removal will be added to the owner's maintenance assessment.
