RRVA Schedule Of Fines

Below is a list of rules infractions and their corresponding fines. Please note, in each
instance, subsequent violations have increasing fine levels. Except where expressly
noted, each infraction or incident is considered a separate violation.

I. Home Rentals
A. Article XIX has been amended, by a homeowner proposal submitted and duly
passed by a quorum of homeowners at its 2017 annual meeting of homeowners, to
provide, in part:

  1. No weekend rental of a Townhouse Unit is permitted; only rentals for more
  than 13 days are allowed.
  2. Every advertisement or other offering for rental of a Townhouse Unit must
  state, in clearly legible font, “Rentals for less than 2 weeks are prohibited.”
  Failure to include such notice shall result in a fine to the Owner of not less than $500
  per advertisement. Each placement of a violating advertisement shall be considered a
  separate violation (i.e., placing the same advertisement in 3 different venues would
  constitute 3 violations). It shall be the renting Owner’s responsibility to inform their
  agents of this notice requirement. A violation of the notice requirement by an Owner’s
  agent shall be considered a violation by the Owner.

B. The first violation of the short-term rental regulations will incur a fine of
$500.00, billable and collectible in the same manner as maintenance.

  1. Each subsequent violation of the short-term rental regulations will incur
  a fine of $1,000.00, billable and collectible in the same manner as maintenance.


II. Vehicles
A. Motorcycles, motor bikes, motor scooters, "mopeds", trail bikes, dirt bikes,
all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles or any other similar vehicles are barred from
Association property. One complaint, in writing, to the Association stating the
date, time, and place of any violation of this regulation, along with a brief
description of said vehicle, will bring a written notice of violation to the cited
Homeowner.
B. A second violation will incur a fine of $100.00 per occurrence, billable and
collectible in the same manner as maintenance.
C. Any Association employee or Board member's direct observation of said
violation(s) is deemed equivalent to a written complaint by a fellow homeowner.
D. Any subsequent violations in the same calendar year will incur a fine of
$250.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible in the same manner as
maintenance.

III. Quality-of-Life issues
A. Pets

  1. Unleashed and/or unrestrained pets are barred from Association
  property. One complaint, in writing, to the Association stating the date,
  time, and place of any violation of this regulation, along with a brief
  description of said animal (if possible), will bring a written notice of
  violation to the cited Homeowner.
  2. A second violation in the same calendar year will incur a fine of $
  100.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible in the same manner as
  maintenance.
  3. Any subsequent violations in the same calendar year will incur a
  fine of $250.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible in the same manner
  as maintenance.
  4. Any Association employee or Board member's direct observation of
  said violation(s) is deemed equivalent to a written complaint by a fellow
  homeowner.
  5. Failure to remove animal waste from the Association’s grounds is
  also a violation of Association regulations and will be treated in the same
  way as leash violations, described in paragraphs A.1-A.4, above.

B. Pool

  1. Pool rules are posted at the pool and provided to each homeowner
  at the beginning of the swimming season.
  2. One complaint, in writing, to the Association stating the date, time,
  and place of any violation of this regulation, along with a brief description
  of the incident, will result in a written notice of violation to the cited
  Homeowner.
  3. A second violation will incur a fine of $ 100.00 per occurrence,
  billable and collectible in the same manner as maintenance.
  4. Any subsequent violations in the same calendar year will incur a
  fine of $250.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible in the same manner
  as maintenance.
  5. Any Association employee or Board member's direct observation of
  said violation(s) is deemed equivalent to a written complaint by a fellow
  homeowner.
  6. If more than one individual from a particular home violates the
  rule(s) concomitantly, each person’s infraction will be considered a
  separate violation.

C. Tennis Courts

  1. Proper attire: appropriate footwear (see RRVA governing
  documents and yearly Tennis Courts guide) and shirts MUST be worn at
  all times.
  2. Courts must be properly swept after each use.
  3. One complaint, in writing, to the Association stating the date, time,
  and place of any violation of this regulation, along with a brief description,
  will result in a written notice of violation to the cited Homeowner.
  4. A second violation will incur a fine of $ 100.00 per occurrence,
  billable and collectible in the same manner as maintenance.
  5. Any subsequent violations in the same calendar year will incur a
  fine of $250.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible in the same manner
  as maintenance.
  6. Any Association employee or Board member’s direct observation of
  said violation(s) is deemed equivalent to a written complaint by a fellow
  homeowner.

D. Pursuant to Article VII, if a member is suspended from use of the
recreational facilities and they or their guests or tenants subsequently use them,
the Association can levy a $100.00 fine, per person per occurrence. Any
subsequent violation in the same calendar year will incur a fine of $250.00 per
occurrence, billable and collectible in the same manner as maintenance.

IV. Architectural Controls
A. Architectural Control – Any violation of the Association’s Architectural
Control provisions will result in a written notice of violation to the cited
Homeowner. The homeowner will then have fourteen (14) days to cure the
violation, if possible (or present acceptable plans to adequately address the
Architectural Control Committee’s concerns). Failure to do so will result in a fine
of $500.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible in the same manner as
maintenance. If the violation is not cured, homeowner will be fined $500 per
month until it is satisfactorily resolved. Any subsequent violation in the same
calendar year will incur a fine of $750.00 per occurrence, billable and collectible
in the same manner as maintenance.

  1. An occurrence shall be defined as any significant variation from the
  terms of an approved permit or from ‘the requirements of any written
  architectural policy.
